Identity is in the forefront of modern conversation. Terms like 'gender identity' and 'identity politics' abound.
At its core, identity literally encompasses everything that makes you an individual. As such, it's the perfect
banner under which to take on the task at hand. My personal identity is somthing I've struggled with, and honestly
continue to struggle with. There are so many things that hinge not only on how we see ourselves, but upon how
others perceive us as well.

While I'm not psychic, I'd give good odds that if you asked someone to describe me terms like, 'smart', 'bright', 
'quiet', 'shy', and 'creepy' might get thrown around. These are things I've come to identify in myself. I "know"
that I'm smart, that I'm quiet. I sense that others sometimes find my presence unsettling. I'm not exactly sure
why, but I've accepted it. But these are all relatively superficial descriptions. Someone who really knows me
might tell you that I'm a programmer, or game developer. They might mention that I play guitar and sometimes
keyboard, that I dabble in art, that I write poetry.

As I write this, I notice how much these descriptions are bound up in action. I know I'm smart because I test well,
shy because I don't talk. I'm a programmer and game developer because I code games. I guess it goes back to that old
saying that actions speak louder than words. We are what we do. It's important to remember that every once in a while.
It's important to consider how we spend our time. Most people consider themselves to be good. We are all the
protagonists of our own stories. But are you actually doing anything to help others, to make the world a better
place than when you got here?

Personally, I struggle with that question often. So far, my life has been pretty selfish, by my own estimations. I
help people here and there. Fixing their computer or teaching them something. But I constantly feel like I could be
doing so much more. There is a dissonance between my internal identity and what I know my actions represent. I struggle
with dysphoria on an almost daily basis. Dysphoria. Funny, four paragraphs and I have yet to mention the more recently
discovered, and many would say one of the larger facets of my identity. The fact that I am a transgender woman.

Now, when I first mentioned dysphoria above, I meant it in the more general, all encompassing sense. In fact, I
have trouble describing my emotions about my gender as dysphoric at all. Though thinking about it now, I know I
struggle with dysphoria, is it so hard to imagine that at least part of that stems from my gender presentation?
How much unease or dissatisfaction does it take to reach "profound"?

I like to think of myself as a creator. I make poetry, stories, games, music. But if I judge myself by my actions,
it's probably more accurate to describe myself as a consumer. I have consumed far more stories, comics, games,
shows, movies, and music than I've ever created.