A core of humans, I propose, is the desire in our lives to have everything classified. Even ourselves. Identity looms larger and larger, ever more a standard in our daily lexicon. Our conversations holding orbits around it. Terms about it work their way into our minds. 'Gender Identity', 'Identity Politics'. New associations accumulate. Identity encompasses everything that makes you recognizably an individual. It is the accumulation of every little difference. A tower of everything you are and are not. My own tower is somewhat unstable. Truthfully, I struggle daily to overcome it's somewhat shaky behavior. I diagnose no abnormality in myself when I confess that. Investigate yourself, maybe you'll find a similarly constructed tower. Humans reflect, so that our images really represent the thoughts of others. So how others perceive us can become very nearly as important as how we see ourselves. Until eventually...

One day we realize we don't totally own our own identities. That comes as a real shock to some people. I mean, how to tell which parts are our own, and which others have bestowed upon us? Do I really intellectually believe that there is a God somewhere that created the universe, that everyone who believes otherwise, quite usually given the very nearly infinite Gods to choose from, is totally wrong? Every religion can't be right. So is this worldview even mine or have I simply inherited it? Is looking like a bleached cartoon of a hustler really how I wish inside to present myself? Or do I simply look the way I look because every episode of MTV cribs I ever watched showed hundreds of Timberland boots lined up in the over-sized closets of million dollar homes I'll never afford? Where does society's expectations of me end, my actual identity begin? If options are limited by race, religion, gender, wealth, birthplace, am I even an individual. Or a collage? You may think I'm only undertaking simple examples.

Our truly accurate identities lie much deeper than childishly superficial hang-ups like what clothes we wear or the income level we happen to exist within. But can we, looking exclusively somewhere within, originate the many kinds of descriptions we are actually searching for to detail who we are? You probably describe yourself belonging to groups, unless you consider your core identity being 'troubled, isolated loner', and there are very few who visualize themselves as completely outside society. We naturally look everywhere for our niches in the world. Without hesitation we adopt labels onto ourselves that we accept without question. Beyond those assigned before developing even the notion of a self, like race, gender, or mono-theistic creation myth, we also eventually accept what others describe our talents as, how well we perform in school or athletics. It's nearly impossible for us to judge these things ourselves. Generate one new way mathematics could be yanked into existence in our minds without someone there to tell us that it was one plus naught equals one, despite the seeming insanity of that statement.

That one could be added onto and yet still remain one is probably not a notion we would tumble upon in our lifetimes, had we somehow originated the concepts of 'one' and 'addition' to initiate with. Even if we think ourselves skilled, what would that mean without external entities against which our hypothesized talents could be measured. When I proclaim I have a high intelligence, acknowledgement only comes when I prove myself. When tested.

A test without meaning unless there exists peers for comparison. Higher intelligence only looks higher when lesser intelligence serves as contrast. Even if you could throw a ball at speeds faster than almost all others, what purpose does that serve without a batter across the field with whom you can compete?

I guess it goes back to that old saying that actions speak louder than words. We are what we do. It's important to remember that every once in a while. It's important to consider how we spend our time. Most people consider themselves to be good. We are all the protagonists of our own stories. But are you actually doing anything to help others, to make the world a better place than when you got here?

Personally, I struggle with that question often. So far, my life has been pretty selfish, by my own estimations. I help people here and there. Fixing their computer or teaching them something. But I constantly feel like I could be doing so much more. There is a dissonance between my internal identity and what I know my actions represent. I struggle with dysphoria on an almost daily basis.