Games have been a part of my life for nearly as long as I can remember. I
remember watching my brother play his Nintendo, and occasionally getting
the chance to play myself. Or accidently breaking the Atari with a penny.
Mario Bros., Duck Hunt. I loved duck hunt. At some point I remember getting
a Power Glove. I don't really remember using it to play games, though I remember
using the function that beeps when the glove wasn't pointing at the Nintendo to
make a makeshift door alarm.

I never owned my own console growing up. When I reached high school I began
using the family computer for gaming. I played shareware games, and yes, I
pirated some games as well. I got a laptop, for my birthday, but within less
than a year my younger brother had broken the screen. I hooked it up to a monitor,
but I don't really recall how much gaming I did on it after that. I loved Quest For
Glory, and still do. I want to do a remake. My senior year I met my friend Clarke.

Clarke and I would play Age of Empires II, via dial-up, late at night. This would
occasionally result in angry parents unhappy with the phone ringing late at night.
Timing was key. In the age before ubiquitous cell phones, and not being able to use
the phone line for internet when you were also going to us it for a dial-up game,
this was a particularly tricky proposition. When DSL entered our homes we moved
to playing direct via IP. This was much better.

He used to watch me play single player games, like he was partaking in an
interactive movie. He enjoyed action games. Max Payne, Devil May Cry. I also
spent a lot of time in Wheel of Time, the first game to license the Unreal engine.
From there I moved to Unreal Tournament, Unreal 2, and eventually Unreal Tournament
2003. From the very beginning I dove into the Unreal Editor and began messing around
with creating levels, and later mods. I was involved briefly with USkaarj, a Total
Conversion mod that attempted to turn Unreal Tournament into an RTS. I later released
a game type for UT2003, to little fanfare, which was probably justified. It's far
enough in the past that I can admit it was pretty much garbage. I had plans for a
more ambitious mod, that unfortunately never got completed. Part of a pattern of
unfinished projects that haunts me still.

The Catalyst, which is a nickname I like to use for Clarke, introduced me to two
friends that are still the closest relationships I have in my life outside of family.
Mike and TJ. We used to play quite a few fighting games. Soul Calibur, Smash Bros.,
SNK vs Capcom. We also played Dynasty Warriors quite a bit.

Clarke ended up leaving his computer at my house when he left to attempt joining the
military. A few years later the FBI showed up on my doorstep to interview me for his
security clearance. In between I moved to North Carolina and stayed with him in a
house he was subletting with a group of Duke University students. I played a lot of
Jedi Outcast that summer.

Eventually I bought my own PC, an alienware. I used the money from my first paid
web design gig. Many hours were spent on Elder Scrolls. Morrowind, but more so
Oblivion. With the ease of using Elder Scrolls Creation Kit, I began working again
on ideas for mods that would never see the light of day. I had also been programming
in C++ and Java since my senior year. So I began fooling around in 3D engines.
Crystal Space, jMonkey Engine, AGS, and eventually Unity. This move from mods to
full blown engines has more to do with being a control freak than any desire to
build a game from scratch. Modding tools just forced me to use systems in the games
that didn't do everything I wanted them to. Or did them in ways I didn't like.

Around this time I got obsessed with Guitar Hero 2 for awhile. I would play with Mike
and TJ, and when I later moved to Utah I spent most of my free time playing. It got
to the point of posting gameplay videos to my Youtube. I was also playing Lineage 2
on a F2P server. This was in the days were very few big developers had F2P games, and
in fact the Lineage server I played on was a third party one, run by hobbyists. I
think that and Ragnorok Online were my first experience with MMOs. I had messed about
in MUDs, but because of the level of digital extroversion that requires I didn't delve
too deeply. My brother bought me Final Fantasy XI, and I played that for a bit as well.
Since, I have played a number of MMOs, either on my own volition or because Mike
dragged me in. Tale of Pirates, Dungeons and Dragons Online, 
