I don't know if you can say I avoided my emotions. But it's quite possible
I avoided thinking about them. Part of my general avoidance of self-reflection.
I'm not even sure if avoid is the right word. It wasn't a conscious decision
I ever remember making. It's just something I didn't do. If identity is defined
by action, or lack thereof. Then not contemplating my identity was probably a
large part of my identity. It's a part I'm slowly changing, and my recognition
of my gender, and this website, are hopefully large steps in that direction.

Gender. It's such a large part of our identities, and yet it is one of the only
ones that society has deemed it okay to force upon us without our input. From
the day we are born, they tell us we are a boy or a girl. They don't ask. They
assign. And with one of those two simple words, suddenly thousands of experiences
we may have enjoyed, may have wished to adopt into our larger selves, are ripped
out of reach. Boys don't wear dresses. Girls don't dream of walking down their wedding
isle in a tuxedo. Except when they do. And then what?

We've made progress. The popularity of memes where parents disregard gender roles
to make their children happy proves that. Still, I wonder if that mother will be just
as supportive when her "little boy" is still wearing high heels in high school. Or when
"he" decides e likes being called Tori better than Tommy. I hope that mom will be as
supportive as my mother was. But still, I worry.

Sometimes I wonder if I spend more time concerned over how others are treated than
how I will be. I'm "out" to my family and friends. Most of them at least. But I still
pretend to be a man. At work, at family gatherings. Partly because I want to wait
until I've been on hormones a little longer. I want time to practice makeup, and my voice.
I want to "pass". I know it's selfish of me. I know that it shoudn't matter. I'm 
even pretty sure that I'll be perfectly okay telling anyone I meet that I'm trans.
But I kind of what them to be surprised by it. I want their eyes to say "Oh, really?",
not "Well duh." I'm vain, and a little shallow. It's a character flaw, we all have some.