For most of my life I never really considered my own identity.
I existed. Half-heartedly at times. I allowed myself to be defined
mostly by others. I was defined by my heritage, my birth place,
my skin color, my height. Pale German-Irish-British giant from
North Dakota. About the only identity that I claimed for myself
was a reader. It's not a bad identity to have. But when the
driving force is escaping reality, it's not great as the only
quality you can point at to differentiate yourself. Throughout
school, reading was a factor in nearly every choice I made. I
picked out clothes because they had pockets large enough for
paperbacks. When I could, I spent my freetime in libraries.

When I couldn't dive into the stacks of a library, I was usually
reading. When I couldn't read, when I was forced to be outside,
and couldn't find a library, I wandered. I've only had a handful
of friends growing up. Moving around a lot didn't help. I moved
from North Dakota to Kansas when I was two. Kansas to Oklahoma
within a year. My earliest memories are from Oklahoma. I remember
the day care I used to go to. My first childhood friendship and
trauma took place at that daycare. I remember only that I had
made friends with a boy who wore cowboy boots and a cowboy hat.
His name is lost to me. But I remember that one day he turned on
me. Playground politics.

I moved to Florida just before my fifth birthday. When I think
of childhood, it's Plantation, Florida, that comes to mind. I
went to a mostly black elementary school. My first friend there,
whom I seem to recall was named David, was black. I think that
may have something to do with why he decided to cut ties with
me a year after our friendship started. I then made friends
with a brother and sister who had moved from Texas. I think I
fell in love with the Texan accent from talking to them. And
around the same time I think, I also became friends with a
hispanic boy. The Texan siblings ended leaving the neighborhood
rather soon after I befriended them. The other boy also moved
away, though later.

Maybe I should add a disclaimer that this is all to the best of
my memory. Which is not the best memory in the world. Because I
have aphantasia, I can't visualize these memories. I can't recall
what these people and places looked like. The color of the walls
in my childhood bedroom, the face of a friend. I can't picture
things. Period. If you are standing in front of me, and I turn
my back, I would be unable to describe you, unless I had made the
effort to describe you in my head in words before I turned around.
Thus, many aspects of my childhood are unretrievable.

I mention this now because I am about to tell of my first
childhood crushes. I'm not sure which of these came before the
other. In kindergarten, I had two crushes. One was my teacher,
Mrs. Hammer. I wrote a song about her, which my older brother
teases me about still. Personally, I thought it was pretty
sophisticated for a six year old. It had metaphors about clouds,
and a pretty good grasp of the importance of the difference
between permanence and impermanence. I believe the line went,
"Like a hammer in the sky that won't break."

My other crush was more age appropriate. A Latina girl, whom I
would chase around the playground. Or at least I chased her once.
I think a game was involved. Tag? My affections were not returned.
