I enjoy learning systems. Is enjoy the right word? 'Excel at' would certainly fit. 'Lose myself in'.
Something about networks. Networks of rules, of people, of ideas, of abstractions. Abstractions. I really
enjoy abstractions. How they're composed, how they make new concepts visible. I think abstractions might
actually lie at the heart of this little project. We use them to categorize the world, and I think
that maybe I've become a little obsessed with the idea of cataloguing the abstractions in my own head.
Lay down the semantic network of my own mind for all to see.

I'm curious about the composition of my own mind. If you were to ask me, that is probably the defining
characteristic of my personality. My identity. Unquenchable curiosity. It lies at the root of everything
I've ever done. Reading, and in fact consuming all types of media, is simply a way to feed my curiosity.
I will finish bad movies, watch seasons of horrible tv shows, read nearly illiterate prose, because of
an undying drive to know what happens next. It's a trait for which I'm eternally grateful. At certain
points in my life, it is the only thing that prevented me from killing myself. Even now, although I no
longer have an active desire to die, the only thing I really fear about death is the fact that I won't
get to see what happens next.

I get the sense that some other people are more afraid of no longer having emotional connections, or
losing the ability to enjoy sensation. To never feel a lover's caress, or the high of some preferred
drug. Don't get me wrong. I enjoy chemicals and, well, chemicals. Emotion, sensation, either natural or
altered, it all comes down to chemicals in the end. And while it certainly makes me sad to imagine how
those close to me would react to my death. And the idea of never being emotionally or physically close
to someone is equally depressing. It is not what prevented my suicide. In my darkest hours, when I had
disavowed the notion that anyone would even miss me, when I had convinced myself that I would end up
alone and unloved anyway, only curiosity saved me.