CHAPTER ONE - I WISH
"I wish I was more like you," said Alan. The steam rising over a mug of instant hot chocolate cupped between his hands. Outside the window, snow was gently falling and blanketing the rarely travelled street that sat a few feet from their apartment door. Alan sat staring out at it, all at once wishing it was Summer and also relishing the feeling of being warm and cozy, curled up in an oversized leather armchair with the smell of melting marshmellows emanating from just below his chin. Steve was facing the other direction, his attention on the two monitors that sat on a desk against the wall opposite the window. He looked quizically at the screen, typing in swift bursts, with long periods of silence in between.
"More like me? Why on earth would you want that?" Steve stopped mid-burst, frowned slightly, held the backspace key down for a moment, then resumed typing.
"You have hobbies, passions. You make things." Alan sipped the hot chocolate, flinching slightly at the still molten heat of the drink. He set it down on the windowsill and cupped his hands over the mug to capture the warmth.
"You make things," Steve countered. He had reached a period of silence, his fingers hanging over the keys, twitching, preparing to start again and stopping, waiting for a fully formed thought to present itself.
"I make shit." Alan paused for a beat, waiting for a sign of protest, a rebuttal. None came. Steve's typing resumed. "I couldn't pay someone to publish one of my articles. I have a blog, a website, and no readers, no one gives a shit what another middle class white cis boy is writing about."
"I like your shit," the rebuttal finally came. "Besides, you sell yourself short. You aren't middle class, you're destitute. There's a buck there if you look for it. People love reading about other people's poverty. It's like rich people's version of 50 Shades, they want to imagine what it's like for the other half."
"You mean the other ninety percent?"
"Don't start that pedantic shit with me. I'll literally out-literal your ass. You know perfectly well that 'the other half' is a well worn figure o' speech." Steve's voice began to lilt towards the end of his sentence, picking up a slight brogue.
"Is that supposed to be an accent?"
"Aye, 'm gettin' 'n da head of me character."
"Is your character a racist sterotype?"
"Fuck you, laddy."
"You wish, you fucking dego. If you're quite done butchering the tongue of my ancestral home, we have snow to shovel."
"Ay, Mic, watch your fucking mouth. Or I'll stuff a potato in it."
"Oh, but I'd like that, wouldn't I?" Alan sipped at the hot chocolate again and, discovering it had cooled to perfect imbibing temerature, proceeeded to drain the mug. "Hey, why does time seem to pass so quickly in Italy?"
"You fucking..." Steve trailed off as he grabbed a magazine off the desk, wheeling around while rolling it up into a makeshift baton. "I'm gonna beat the lucky charms out of you!" He lunged across the back of the couch he had been sitting on, swinging wildly. Alan leaped over the arm of his chair, dashing around the side of the couch, the hallway two steps away. He could have escaped unscathed, but couldn't resist the urge to get one last word in.
"A priest, a pedophile, and an Italian walk into a restaurant. The hostess says, 'table for one?'" Steve hurled the magazine at him, which immediately unrolled, burst open, lost all momentum, and fluttered limply to the couch a foot from his hand. Alan put on a much more practiced and convincing Irish accent, "didja think that'd werk?"
Steve reached for a recently emptied ashtray on the desk. Alan bolted for the hallway, just making it past the threshold as the ashtray slammed into the wall where his head had been a moment before.
"There goes the security deposit," said Alan from halfway down the hallway.
"It's called drywall putty, asshole. Look it up."
"You gonna to pay for that? I can't even afford to pay attention."
"You think obscure KMFDM references make you sound cool. They don't." Steve picked up the ashtray and walked it back to the desk. Alan walked back into the room, tossing a winter coat onto the couch, and adjusting his knit cap.
"Shall we?"
CHAPTER TWO - YOU WISH
"Do you wish, ever, that you could go back in time and teach yourself something? Like, prepare the younger you better for the future?" Aly sat staring at her laptop, the blinking cursor of a blank google doc staring back at her, taunting. Sarah stood on the other side of the hotel room, in front of the open glass doors that led to a small balcony looking out over the beach in the distance. The sun was just beginning to set, and the sky over the beach was already a deep purple.
"What would you tell her?" asked Sarah.
"To write more. For starters. My memory sucks, it'd be nice to have some kind of record of my thoughts and feelings."
"So your huge advice would be to keep a diary?" Sarah closed the sliding door, walked over to the bed, and leaped backwards onto it, arms splayed out. "I think I'd tell myself to study more. Pay more attention to maths."
"You British now?"
"No. But it makes more sense. Like metric, and writing dates day first. It's an abbreviation of mathematics, not mathematic."
"And Tau."
"Don't even get me started on how stupid Pi is as the circle constant." Sarah sat up, locking her fingers together and stretching her arms above her head. "So. Writing more. Anything else?"
"You mean besides telling myself to start my transition sooner? Like pre-puberty?"
"Better late than never?"
"Tell that to my vocal chords." Aly closed her laptop with a sigh. She stood up and walked over to the balcony. "I feel like I should be enjoying this more." She spun around. "Night club?" Sarah tilted her head.
"Hmmm."
"Oh, come on. It'll be fun. We can dance, and get little drinks with umbrellas in them. And dance." Aly clasped her hands in front of her pleadingly, bouncing slightly with each emphasis.
"You know, I'm rather fond of your voice." Sarah held out her arms and Aly pulled her up into an embrace.
"Thank you." She leaned forward and they kissed deeply. "Shall we?" Sarah reluctantly pulled free, walking around the bed to grab a suitcase, which she unceremoniously heaved onto the bed. She unzipped it, looking up at Aly.
"What shall we wear?"
CHAPTER THREE - NOTHING'S ORIGINAL
"Tech Support." Alan leaned back in his office chair and tossed a plush basketball at a toy hoop across the room. It bounced off the rim and rolled across the floor. "Mmhmm. Mmhmm. And have you tried restarting it?" The cord from his hands-free mic grew taut as he wheeled himself towards the errant ball. "No, of course I don't think you're an idiot. We'll send someone down right away." He stretched his other arm across to hang up the call, then leaned further in the other direction to retrieve the ball. His chair toppled. Tom ran into Alan's office.
"What the hell?" Alan looked up from the floor, his chair resting on top of his legs.
"Could you go to 15-9 and restart his computer?"
"Sure. You, uh, need any help." Tom cocked his head so the top of it was pointing in the same direction as Alan's.
"No. No. I'm good." Alan rolled the chair off him, but made no move to get up. "Might stay here for just a second. Get a fresh perspective."
"Mmhmm. You're a mess, you know that?" Tom strolled out, whistling to himself. The sound grew fainter and fainter, and finally Alan rolled over and pushed himself onto his knees. He grabbed the arms of his chair and righted it. Across the hall, the door opened and Scott emerged from his office. He looked over at Alan.
"Should I whip it out, or are you praying?"
"Neither. Chair tipped." Alan used the chair to get to his feet. Scott walked into his office and plopped into a beanbag chair in the corner.
"I'm soooo borrrrred."
"Don't you have any, I don't know, work to do?" Alan sat back down in his chair, pushing himself back to his desk, and taking aim with the plush basketball again. "Isn't that new access point supposed to go in today?"
"Bah. That's only going to take a half hour, tops. And it's easier to do once everyone clears out."
"You're not going over forty are you?"
"Nah, came in two hours late today." Alan tossed the ball, it swished through the net. Scott grabbed the ball and began tossing it in the air above his head.
"You still writing?" Scott's voice was overly non-chalant, but it carried a clear subtext that said, "You better be."
"I'm working on something. Kind of a boy meets girl story. With alternating chapters that switch between the two protagonists."
"Hmm. Could be interesting. Exploring different perspectives of the same events."
"Actually, I was thinking they wouldn't meet until the very end. The entire story is the lead up. Two seperate lives converging into one."
"Huh. I could see it. Sounds original. At least I can't think of anything like it."
"I'm sure someone's done it. Nothing's original."
CHAPTER FOUR - EVERYTHING'S ORIGINAL
