<p>Angrea is a world of infinities, a plane that extends outward in all directions from Emith’s Heart. It has existed forever, eternally the playground of Iliana and Korin, the deities of Light and Dark. However, these two deities are the only constant. Even the other gods rise and fall with the empires and kingdoms of which they are the patrons. It is hard to describe such a world. Imagine any story you’ve ever loved. Now imagine it takes place on an infinite plane, and occasionally the narrative is interrupted by a pair of feuding omnipotent siblings, who occasionally impart vast wisdom, but more often behave like petulant children. Chances are that’s happening somewhere on Angrea. Are you imagining a science fiction story of sentient robots overthrowing their human creators and imprisoning them in pods to be used as batteries? If you travel far enough, and in the right direction, you’ll find that happening. More than once, actually. Identical to the story you may now have in mind. And also countless versions that are different only because the antagonist is named Professor Smythe.</p>
<p>How could one tome possibly hope to describe such a vast and varied realm? It can’t. Which is why this volume will focus on a tiny section of that unfathomable stretch of land and sea. Well, mostly sea, but we’ll get to that. This tiny microcosm happens to be the nearest civilization to Angrea’s center, Emith’s Heart. How can an infinite plane have a center, you wonder? Good question. I wonder why no one’s asked it before. Perhaps such a question will occur to your character, and they can seek the answer for you. Or maybe they continue to accept it as fact, without question, as they plunder lost ruins and treacherous dungeons. After all, who really cares about geometry anyway? Either way, curious or capitalist, this land has a bit of something for everyone. Adventure awaits.</p>
<p>Welcome to the Neuranian Isles, a region of great danger and greater opportunity. It is a place filled with intrigue and politics. The local tavern keeper deals in court secrets. The young aristocrat plots eir rise to House Capriarch, or Emprix. The clerics ply the hidden agendas of their gods. The local merchant’s guild sits atop the thieve’s guild and both pay tithes to the crown. God marked heroes quest for the truth behind their strange heritage. God-like sorcerers keep vigil over the fickle sea and its dangerous inhabitants. Ocean dwelling dragons wreak havoc on trade lines and pirates make even short distance travel a risky business.</p>
<p>Dozens of islands make up the Neuranian Empire. They are divided into fifteen regions, each named after a creature prevalent there. The people of these regions have a tendency to pick up traits similar to their region’s namesake. The isles stretch West from the Fey Isles thousands of kilometers East to the Wolf Isles. In between is a place varied and wondrous. It’s not the center of the world (we’ve discussed this), but sometimes Neuranians forget that. Travel between the isles is more common than travel between other parts of Angrea, though still a dangerous prospect.</p>
<h1>The People</h1>
<p>The people of the Neuranian Empire and its neighboring islands run the gamut from stuffily civilized to wildly savage. Not even the Empire’s legions can keep complete control over its inhabitants. They haven’t been able to collect taxes from the Fey Isles for the past six years. Even those who publicly support the Empire may have secret designs for its future leadership. Politics in the Empire are governed by eleven Houses. Houses are a collection of like-minded individuals, much like a political party. However, their internal power structures vary wildly, both from what we would think of as a political party, and from each other. Some Houses are considered a birthright, and only accept members descended from their founders. Such is the case with the ruling House, House Neuros, which is comprised of the human descendents of a single, long deceased forebear.</p>
<p>Humans aren’t the only politically minded race though. The elves have representatives in the Houses of the court, as do the dwarves. Representatives of the halflings and gnomes can also be found involved in Empire politics. Foolish indeed is the politician who disregards a halfling emissary, for e finds eir fortunes quickly turning to the worse. But while politics is an integral part of life in the Empire, intrigue isn’t the only game played in the isles. Artifacts of ancient civilizations and forgotten magic are a high commodity among the political elite (and among those not so fond of that elite), and can be found hidden in ancient ruins all across the Isles.</p>
<h1>A World Of Change</h1>
<p>To recount all of Angrea’s history would be impossible, so all times are reckoned from the two most important events in recent history, the Flood and the founding of the Chrysanth Empire (later to be known as the Neuranian Empire). The Flood occurred roughly 100,000 years before the campaign is assumed to be taking place. Korin, in a fit of rage, caused a storm over all of Angrea that covered even the highest mountain in water. It took nearly ten millennia for the waters to recede and the highest elevations of land to reappear as islands. Another event, known as The Shattering occurred roughly ten thousand years ago, when Korin, in another temper, shattered one of the largest islands of humanity into dozens of smaller isles. Those isles became the birthplace of the Chrysanth Empire.</p>
<p>The founding of the Chrysanth Empire occurred over 3,000 years ago. Its calendar starts at the founding of its capital city, Chrysanth, from whence it drew its name (a name the city in turn derived from the island on which it grew, Chrysanthia). Most dates are printed using this calendar and are marked CR, for Chrysanth Reckoning. Dates before this are either printed using PF, for Post Flood, or BCR, for Before Crysanth Reckoning. In 741 CR, House Neuros overthrew House Corvanimus, who had previously controlled the position of Emprix, leader of the Empire’s legions. This marks the change of the Chrysanth Empire into the Neuranian Empire. However, the capital city, the calendar, and many other trappings of the previous regime carry on to this day, over two thousand years later. The game is assumed to take place in the in the year 3162 CR.</p>
<h2>Technology</h2>
<p>The Neuranian Empire has recently entered into an industrial revolution. Mechanical gadgets have existed for some time, mostly the purview of the gnomes, but recent developments in harnessing steam and magical power, as well as new assembly line factory methods, have led to an upswing in the prevalence of technology. Chrysanth and the rest of the Empire are in the tenth year of an economic boom that is both bettering the lives of all its citizens, and also widening the gap between its wealthy and the common people. Airships soar through the skies, newspapers are sold by urchins at every corner, and a new form of combat, fusing pistols and magic, is changing the face of adventuring (and of crime, as well).</p>
<h1>A Land Of Promise</h1>
<p>The Neuranian Empire is young compared to a world infinitely old. In time it will run it’s course and fall or fade, as countless kingdoms and empires before. But for now it is a land teeming with promise and possibility. Ancient secrets await to be discovered anew. Mighty battles yearn to be fought. Great wonders crave to be built. This is the time of adventure, the time of heroics, the time of greatness.</p>
